I just Ryan and Paul and we're here
standing on his brand new IPE deck and
we're going to go over some of the key
features of this deck that we've talked
about recently on our podcast that's
right one of the common points of
failure in a deck over a long term is
where you have a double beam or a triple
beam or a double joist
so to help mitigate that over the top of
every double beam or double joist I have
a deck protector flashing going all the
way over the top of the joist or the
beam one of the features my wife likes
is this Boulder
we put that in to compensate for uneven
grade at the last step and makes a nice
landing so for the lighting we decided
to do low voltage lighting so the wire
was hidden up below this top rail in a
groove in the top rail of the guardrail
so for somewhat of a hidden fastener
what I chose to do was face screw the
board's recess the screw and then cover
the screw head with wooden plugs and you
can see how some of them blend in pretty
well with the boards some of them
provide an interesting contrast so Brian
I noticed you have aluminum balusters as
well yeah I chose to do aluminum
balancers they were a little less
expensive than IPE balusters they
provide a nice look and they came with a
nice plastic connector that made it
really easy to install and that's a very
important feature on pressure-treated
lumber to use those plastic connectors
alright so that's it if you have any
questions about your deck your latest
deck project features for your decks
whatever give its contact us via our
website
yeah we had a trim these uh these long
honey for felt hair sticking out you
know you go to a real wheel Harbor I
nail trim them I knew but I just went to
hair cutter today they do squat
you